Gl 1346 add input id to col attr (#160)
broadinstitute/warp: pipelines/skylab/optimus/Optimus.changelog.md

# 4.2.0

2020-12-04 (Date of Last Commit)

> * Added Gene as row attribute of the loom file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added "Gene" as row attribute in the loom file duplicating "gene_names" to make the output loom compatible with scanpy 
```

> * Added CellID and input_id as column attributes of the loom file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added "CellID" (duplicate of ""cell_names") and "input_id" as column attributes in the loom file to make the output loom compatible with scanpy and Cumulus
```

> * Updated the docker in LoomUtils.wdl task to 0.0.5

Reviewer 2: Maybe briefly explain what the change in the docker was about?

Author: The two points added above is the changes but I will update what script changed

> * Updated the docker in LoomUtils.wdl task to 0.0.5. Updated create_loom_optimus.py script in the docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the docker in LoomUtils.wdl task to 0.0.5 to incorporate the changes list above
```
